Improve Documentation Content (#117)
LASY-org/lasy: docs/source/code_overview/index.rst

Overview of the Code
====================

``lasy`` manipulates laser pulses, and operates on the laser envelope.
It can be used to define the 3D profile of a laser pulse.
The user can define seperately the transverse and longitudinal profile of the laser pulse either from a range common analytic profiles or using experimental measurements.
Once defined the laser pulse may be propagated to a user defined location.

> Finally the laser profile may outputed to file for use as an input to a variety of different simulation tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally the laser profile may be outputted to file for use as an input to a variety of different simulation tools.
```

Structure

> #########

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#########

```
